http : //www.foodiebytes.com/menu/nc/huntersville/tonys-pizza.html
Les idées vertes incolores dorment furieusement .
Ideas verdes incoloras duermen furiosamente .
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously .
decidi comer uma pizza , j que eu tava com pouco dinheiro .
sushi , pitas , pizzas , steak .
pro : spicy bloody marys , decent pizza , cute waiter , wide beer selection
why i crave pizzaiolo ?
wood fired pizzas have become a dime a dozen these days .
dark wood , tan walls , delicious pizza smells .
please visit spartan pizza soon .
a friend from napoli recommended il pizzaiolo .
ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
pretty much like most combined taco bell/pizza hut locations .
who knew a small pizza could cause so much internal chaos .
pizza sola ( penn circle branch )
( yes i know that reference is french ) so mangia bene at il pizzaillo
my office often gets pizza delivered from monte cello 's .
bar food : pizza or ball park pretzels .
instead , they give yiu a `` pizza knife '' .
thinking about il pizzaiolo makes my mouth water ... i can wait to return !
as darren claims , bellisario 's pizza is a shinning knight . ''
my husband loves china sea , whereas i would rather order pizza : )
pizza-hut can burn in hell !
uno chicago grill chicago classic deep dish pizza
dirty floor , cardboard pizza .
it 's mostly personal size woodfired pizzas which can be altered .
the eggs were eggs : good without any pizzazz .
i would write anthems , poems , novels about their pizza .
bottom line , i totally recommend getting fiori 's pizza .
fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
even frozen digiorno 's pizzas .
i ordered the nine grain farmers market individual deep dish pizza .
tiny little ordinary looking beto 's somehow manages to be an interesting pizza place .
ashamedly , i threw half of a pizza away tonight .
hand tossed crusts with a nice selection of specialty pizzas .
while others walked out with their pizzas loaded .
beautiful night on the patio enjoying a crab pesto pizza .
alright , so i had a mixed experience at ii pizzaiolo .
i ca n't explain how thrilled i was to find il pizzaiolo .
we are lucky enough to live within walking distance to il pizzaiolo .
sacramento pizzarias have nothing on pittsburgh 's .
by all means , dine at il pizzaiolo .
ooey gooey pizza pie ,
pierogi , pork and sauerkraut , hoagies , pizza , and stuffed cabbage rolls .
as a rule pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce .
i finish two twelve inch pizza bread in less then a day !
sandwiches , soups , salads , pizzas and calzones .
oh those pepperoni rolls are better than mancini 's pizza rolls .
nice , clean intimate italian & pizza restaurant !
thoroughly unremarkable pizza but good beer selection earns brixx an extra star .
otherwise glass nikel for your other types of pizza cravings .
this previous weekend my boss bought us lunch from pizza perfecta .
il pizzaiolo has a great , rustic atmosphere .
pizza flavored popcorn ! )
as a recent chicago transplant , i 've really been missing chicago pizza .
pizza really good , owner makes incredible homemade desserts , friendly staff .
hungry howies drew me in with cheap pizza deals .
whoever the pizzaman was obviously took no pride in it whatsoever .
pizzaiolo did not disappoint .
nearby pizza parlor will deliver here .
i had dined at the market square il pizzaiolo ( now pizzaiolo primo ? )
but otherwise , i would highly recommend il pizzaiolo .
very unhelpful service and pizzas always arrive 20-30 mins after time given on order .
prices are fair for pizza anywhere , let alone downtown .
i 'd rather tip well than to pay over priced pizza .
wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
i 've found a new lover , and his name in il pizzaiolo ...
sorry , pizza pit staff .
bucks is hands down the most delectable addictive amazingly priced pizza anywhere ! !
can vouch for any pizza , italian hoagie , jalapeo poppers and fried mushrooms .
everything from krispy kreme donuts to frozen lemonade to hot fresh pizza .
dominoes did a really nice job revamping their pizza .
but goldberg looking fellow that brought out pizza and desserts was hauling ass .
therefore -- three stars , with the pizza saving the review from total damnation .
wings , pizzas , sandwiches , wraps , fries and other appetizers .
`` casa '' is a tiny neighborhood pizza shop located near the firehall .
spinach feta and mediterranean pizzas have amazing crusts !
i had a pizza while watching two baseball games and the golf tournament .
pizza connoisseurs delight .
i did n't know i liked thin crust pizza until i tried anna 's !
i wasted nearly twenty bucks on the driest and most boring white pizza ever !
a couple years ago i had heard they smoke over making their pizza .
growing up in latrobe i had become accustomed to mediocre , chain pizza .
feh , i would resign from eating pizza till i had my precious .
great mozzarella , tomatoe , basil pizza !
however , the pizza improved a somewhat mediocre appetizer .
sometimes gluttonous pizza with friends is all you need after a long friday night .
complete with metal plates and pizza trays .
nor did i finish my second mini pizza .
do yourself a favor and find another pizza location .
my stepfather-in-law gave me sage advice about finding good pizza .
worse than store freezer pizza .
the bbq chicken pizza will delight anyone that has an inner 5yr old .
i do n't like knocking hometown pizza joints .
i did it myself when i worked at a pizza shop years ago .
if your from my generation than you can remember ellio 's rectangular frozen pizza .
we 've ordered way too many pizzas that arrive lukewarm !
we shared fish tacos , a margarita pizza , and chicken tenders .
moroccan spiced chicken and dry plum pizza ( soo good )
the pizza literally looked like digorno or some other frozen supermarket option .
now i remember why i rarely get pizza here - they are super expensive !
not every place is serving gourmet custom flash fired pizza .
brought home a calzone , pizza , and garlic knots .
i love having another delivery option besides chinese and pizza .
bravo , tony 's pizza !
great pizza , reasonable prices , fast service - cant ask for much more !
ordered about 10pm - waited an hour ... . no pizza , no call .
i always pick up a pizza when i am near bellevue .
pizza places should never run out of certain things .
i have tried ii pizzaiolo twice now and i am not a fan .
i would recommend ny pizza express for a quick cheap bite .
hamburgers , fried and grilled chicken sandwiches and small size pizzas .
he verified order via web was only a cheese pizza .
lebanon ) has some pretty extraordinary food selections and spectacular brick-oven pizza .
- hawaiian : pizza with pineapples & prosciutto
that 's essentially beto 's pizza , only about _num_ times better obviously .
regardless , every pizza has been consistently delicious .
i saw a lot of pizzas which looked decent .
it was literally a few cold pizzas layed out on a little table .
we rushed home energetically made our pizza !
cool atmosphere , good draft selection and tasty , creative pizza .
nick 's has legit new york style pizza .
fresh shucked oysters and parm & arugula pizza great !
( pizzahut breadsticks ) ( they 're so good ! )
little has changed with rocky 's pizza in the past couple decades .
in fact , just talking about it makes me crave pizza ... mmmmmm .
i went there because the isthmus annual manual said it had great wood-oven pizzas .
these so-called pizzas are labor intensive and not worth the effort .
however , the lunch pizza buffet left alot to desire .
juliana pizza is family owned , operated , and cherished but a wonderful family .
average pittsburgh pizza and fried stuff pile , nothing special though .
pizza hut fucking owns !
pizza from fioris pizzaria
what type of pizza could possibly take over two hours ?
ca n't stop thinking about that jewish pizza ...
luckily , fiori 's still makes old school pizza that tastes great .
my hubby asked me if i got an extra large pizza lol .
to conclude , average pizza paired with awful service .
i am feeling pretty defeated by this pizza , both in brain and bung .
we were looking for a pizza place downtown open late and stumbled upon fuel .
my first stop when i visit fort mill is village pizza !
casey 's pizza tastes so much like godfather 's it 's unreal .
just a good straight forward mom and pop pizza pie .
excellent family owned pizza spot .
fortunately , beto 's pizza tastes better .
an exceptional pizza delivery spot you will be grateful to attend .
no frills , dive spot pizza .
i seriously crave their pizza puffs ! ! !
i 've tried all the veggie oriented varieties except the pear & gorgonzola pizza
this also causes a secondary issue of the pizza being extremely messy to eat .
the main reason we avoided fuel pizza is because it did n't sell alcohol .
i stop at il pizzaiolo every time i am back in town .
oven was n't working so no pizzas available .
as i mentioned it does n't look or taste quite like a traditional pizza .
fresh cut fries , pizza puffs .
cut up homeade meatballs on pizza !
bonus point for microwave to heat up my chicago pizza .
i immediately called pizza parma which gladly delivered to me .
sooo we came up with a plan to replicate their pizza ourselves !
pizza , pasta , appetizers , seafood , burgers , salads and sandwiches .
my son is a college kid , so he wanted pizza .
my sweetie loves loves lovesss pizza & we order from here a ton .
did i say i ca n't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza .
2nd bedt pizza ever !
received a phone call the following day asking about their service and pizza .
wood fired pizzas too !
it takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away .
god himself wanted me to finish that piece of pizza , and i listened .
she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
thanks ny pizza express !
the moroccan spiced chicken and dry plum pizza is an exotic treat !
i love eating pizza hut over dominos any day , but not anymore .
ordered a lg pizza for pick up , 30-40 min wait .
so i 'm having some pizzaiolo margherita doc in about _num_ hours .
the chef slings a pizza out of the oven into an italy colored box .
it does help a lot that you can half pizza toppings to appease everyone .
its just whatever pizza anyway .
where can you find authentic nyc style pizza ?
for lunch they have a pizza/small salad combo .
what happened to the legacy don campitis pizza ?
`` oh , what i would n't do for some il pizzaiolo ! ''
pretty good but i still prefer a vinnys pizza over anything .
female manager on duty asked for $ _num_ in exchange for a pizza .
pretty authentic ny style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side .
okay , for realz now : angelo 's white pizza is ridiculously delicious .
so with deflated egos back to il pizzaiolo we go .
pizza came warm not even hot steam from opening the box nothing .
after a night of imbibing , we required pizza for breakfast .
there pizzas are meant to be personalized sized , but they are pretty big !
i grew up in dormont and thus grew up on campiti 's pizza .
it is located in the black lion shopping center next to cici 's pizza .
usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
but whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible , overexpensive pizza .
overall though they were two very solid pizzas that i enjoyed .
stay at home and fix a chefboyardee pizza .
you 're better off buying a frozen pizza and cooking it your self .
ii pizzaiolo has long been on my radar as a new place to try .
avoid california pizza kitchen though ... not like the restaurant experience you would think .
my pizza craving does n't discriminate ... .
they do not cook directly on the brick though , they use pizza screens .
the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
i now live in new york city and have n't found anything like pizzaiolo .
large take out pepperoni pizza filled a delicious hole on a really cold night !
so , yeah , thankfully there are plenty of other pizza places near by .
i had some pizza from pizza parma today during a lunch meeting at work .
really yum vegetarian pizza !
if you 're thinking of using the pizza hut online ordering system do n't .
who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
call marcos pizza best customer service in town and fastest delivery anywhere
now the important stuff : lots of choices for their pizzas .
more pizza selections and sizes would n't hurt would they ?
after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
quality pizza crust , hellava lot better than il fornio and better price !
these folks really care about their pizza .
i stopped by graziano 's last night for some pizza with a friend .
that said , i still have dreams about campiti 's pizza .
plus , our pizza was ready in ten minutes so score .
i should have stayed home and made pizza myself .
our pizza arrived steaming hot and smelling wonderful .
i love fuel as a post-1am drunken pizza spot .
pizzas are a little less .
every employee that works at this pizza hut needs to be fired .
mmm ... even thinking about their pizza makes me crave it .
if you want high-end pizza then go somewhere else .
check out the hand made pizza station .
if that 's a problem , find another pizza joint !
pizza , sandwiches , beer , what could go wrong ?
yummy pizza varieties , especially the chicken bacon ranch .
pizzas were great and affordable ... will def order again .
i want my pizza piping hot , almost burning the roof of my mouth !
dave called the pizza store and told us that the driver dropped some money !
il pizzaiolo totally nailed it in my opinion !
even better , pizza parma has a parking lot !
ordered my pizza tonight via website .
i love the combination of freshly grated cheeses and homemade pizza sauce .
it 's not a complete weekend for me without a stop at pizza perfectta .
they offer a wide range of pasta dishes , hoagies , and pizza .
totally screamed old pizza place .
it reminded me of a stouffer 's french bread pizza .
something about cold cheese going on hot pizza that melts slightly makes it delicious .
however , much better tasting pizza in many places near by .
i will probably always eat this pizza whenever i come .
i see yummy pizza in our future .
turns out , they 're there a lot because its damn good pizza .
random pizza toppings on lettuce ) this time around .
the seafood pizza came out shortly after and it smelled heavenly .
they do n't have many specialty pizzas .
sometimes i just do n't want a whole pizza !
we ordered spaghetti with meatballs and pollo divino pizza .
talk about a large pizza pie .
wings , quesadillas , wraps , burgers and pizza .
for a more grown up taste ; ) try the pizzas or pimento cheese !
i am torn on this late night pizza joint .
making up for awful tasting pizza .
honestly ca n't beat it for gnocchi or pizza .
we ordered a medium pizza with italian sausage and green bell peppers .
would have been _num_ stars w/ better pricing but what killer pizza ! ! !
last but certainly not least , their pizza tastes wonderful !
hubby loves pizza so we made a stop .
personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
i 'm a huge pizza snob , and fuel really holds up well .
great pizza , subs and pasta dishes your mamma should have made !
juliana pizza is where the charlotte crocheters meet .
i will never order pizza from this store nor any people i know !
the pizza tastes even more incredible when eaten immediately .
if you 're into that , then this pizza will exceed your expectations .
first time having the kipp 's special personal pizza ... .delish !
tried a slice ifu daughters pizza , very good !
not a bad little local pizza spot overall .
a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
i enjoy their pizza and their daily hummus offering .
they had a pizza/hoagie/soda deal for less than $ _num_ .
a couple cuts of cheese pizza will fill you up .
i just saw that they are now serving chicago-style deep dish pizza !
luckily they worked with us and let us order the sliders and thai pizza .
$ _num_ large pizzas at night , who does n't love that .
four slices of pepperoni pizza and an orange crush .
the personal pizzas alone were $ _num_ each ...
decent neighborhood pizza can be found in morningside at eddies pizza haus .
its not pizza , its fiores .
_num_ tries and still ca n't get a simple pizza order right !
a small personal pizza , wedding soup and their *crab* bisque .
highly recommend the pizzas , chicken parmesan and lasagna .
i got pizza later anyway .
eaten here twicebut only pizza .
a real craving-type pizza with an acquired taste .
came to pick up _num_ pizzas for an event .
super sloppy and there 's far better pizza elsewhere .
all the pizzas were good but i personally loved bronx bomber .
i went with my favorite pizza combination , mushroom & onion .
i bear the friendly people of pizza parma no ill will .
honestly , it tastes like geno 's frozen pizza from the grocery store .
new york pizza just like when i lived in queens ! ! !
i do n't recommend getting a pizza from bishops
we even got someone elses pizza .
i have been eating beto 's pizza since i was a little girl .
got a personal pizza with gorgonzola , chicken sausage , and red onions .
bronx bomber pizza
normally , that means no pizza .
never tried the pizza or buffet , so ca n't comment on those .
still kick butt pizza but get rid of the cheese hoagie .
they use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza .
no frills ( no seating ) , just fast , good , tasty pizza .
wood fired neapolitan pizza and pastas .
it does n't look , smell or taste like pizza ! !
we picked up the pizza at exactly fifteen minutes .
their pizza is nothing more than a glorified `` lunchable '' .
which in my opinion totally makes or breaks a pizza .
basic little pizza joint that seems to do a good amount of business .
bruschetta and seafood pizza for me , calamari and seafood stew for my colleague .
real good pizza highly recommended .
call me weird , but i love canned mushroom on my pizza .
i have gotten the small spinach white pizza twice now .
i love howie 's pizza but this particular store is clueless .
definitely worth a stop if you are doing a pizza tour of pittsburgh .
vento 's italian army hoagies , , and amazing pizza .
with one exception , my pizza and break sticks get here in perfect condition .
pizza parma fails on wings , though .
when our waitress came over , we all ordered our own pizza .
the cold _num_ hour old pizza has since plagued my mind .
friends kids loved the pizza and fruit cup .
being from chicago , i 'm a pizza snob .
all my complaints aside , i did enjoy my pizza .
i finally tried casey 's pizza and i was extremely pleased .
i want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza !
will i drive twenty minutes to get this pizza again ?
our table also enjoyed the pepperoni pizza and black and blue grilled chicken sandwich .
they make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great .
got home and everything was perfect , crazy half pizza toppings on both .
delivered me a pizza different than i ordered _num_ times in a row
this would n't even qualify as pizza in north jersey .
pizza not ready when promised .
even my kids will eat sushi over a piece of pizza .
the pizza slices are as long as a newborn baby .
chicago pizza , i would absolutly try again .
i ordered a stuffed ( pie ) pizza for carryout .
i should also note that the plates for eating pizza are plastic .
if i am paying $ _num_ for a pizza , i expect fresh ingredients .
good pizza is finally back just wish they were open sundays .
the sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to nyc pizza .
that means , they load your pizza .
she just went right back to working on making the pizza !
certified pizza but they 've taken all the steps to make it happen .
so we chose kamikaze 's , pepperoni pizza and calamari .
pizza italia is a wonderful small business ( and i love small buz ! )
pizza seemed old and stale .
i feel like its better than a lot of other chain pizza places .
their salads are pretty nice but their pizza- yum !
pizza i has always been a staple in our household .
we accidentally end up at beto 's and plan to get a medium pizza .
i would take beto 's pizza over oregon pizza any day .
hot , crispy squares of pizza with mounds of cold cheese on top .
not a big deal , especially considering how tasty the pizza was !
the only snag i ran into was trying to order a pizza delivery .
there are better pizzas around madison but we enjoyed our slices .
ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
i ca n't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza .
had their deluxe pizza and lasagne dinner for carry out .
the chicken parm sandwich was great , served on might-be-pizza-dough bread .
ca n't beat the _num_ medium sized 2-topping pizzas for $ _num_ though .
they also have pre made pizza dough .
their pizza bagels are my absolute favorite , and they bring back memories .
it should be its own genre of pizza .
they specialize in turkish pizzas ( pide ) and wow they are good .
casey 's breakfast pizza was my katrina .
i mostly get things like hoagies and pizzas.. they are pretty decent
i had two items : a caesar salad , and a margherita pizza .
our choice for high quality pizza when we want to splurge .
but otherwise , the food and service at il pizzaiolo is severely lacking .
there are a lot of pizza options in sun prairie .
i ordered the traditional turkish pizza aka the pide because why not .
* a redbull can on the pizza dressing table .
the pizza was thin and delightfully tasteful - no one flavor really overpowered another .
my friend laughed at me for eating pizza with a fork and knife .
i ordered online and arrived a few moments before the pizza was ready .
i wanted pizza but there was nowhere particular i wanted to go .
i think pizza parma shines with their specialty pizzas .
no fancy `` gourmet '' pizzas on the menu .
i have a coupon for free _num_ inch pizza when purchasing _num_ inch pizza .
i was raised form new york and a very particular taste for pizza .
a delicious close cousin to nyc pizza .
congratulatory pizza delivery for moving my friend in from california !
brixx will have many different types of thin crust pizza 's .
they are also now doing pizza although i 've never tried it .
cheese sticks were under cooked , the pizza was extremely greasy .
we shared the 4x4 pizza that has four cheese and four meats .
we decided on uno because pizza sounded good to us .
everything is freshly made , especially the pizzas .
i just feel like i 've had much better pizza elsewhere around town .
i like pizza , but typically i am disappointed in one way or another .
reminded me of a bad cici 's style pizza .
i think i can tell if a pizza is raw or not .
i craved this pizza when i was living in ital
has pizza parlor in lobby .
i love the pepperoni pizza they make here nowhere else makes a better pie .
i ordered from pizza parma out of storm necessity .
the pizza was just sweet without much other taste , almost like ketchup !
i got the margarita pizza which was great except i could use more basil .
some pizza does not survive the delivery process very well .
if you like this pizza try osso 's in washington pa .
hoagies , salads , pizza , calzone .
i ca n't think of a more perfect pizza anywhere .
otherwise it 's pizza hut , tastes the same , same quality .
offered us restaurant suggestions and even a place to get pizza .
the pizzas were just warm and overall pizzahut pizzas lost their taste .
if you have n't tired their pizza you should it wo n't disappoint .
some discounts are really worth ... had the large veg topping pizza ... awesome
pizza that while eating makes you feel like you 're in another country .
best pizza on beverly rd
try thin crust pizza with bacon sometime - great with some beers !
thanks , pizza perfectta .
frozen pizza doe .
unfortunately at this location i was n't given a chance to get a pizza .
i just opted for some overpriced and overcooked pizza .
these guys definitely know how to make a good pizza .
a different style ( love or hate ) pizza .
outside of the grinder realm , their pizzas are pretty good & greasy .
we ordered _num_ cheeselss pizzas ; a lot of places mess this up .
not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight .
walk across the street and eat at fuel for some real pizza .
they sell pizza by the slice over the lunch hour ( maybe all day ?
fiori 's delivers some tasty pizza .
yesterday i had the misfortune of getting a pizza from bishops .
there is nothing worse than a pizza that is pulled too soon .
first off , the pizza was basically glued to the wax paper .
best traditional pizza in sun praire !
it is , in this new yorker 's opinion , a major pizza fail .
nothing fancy , just simply delicious pizza .
looking for a fantastic pizza served fast and for relative cheap ?
we had a couple different pizzas .
we were told by the manager that they would give us a free pizza .
i have never had a pizza that inspired me as much as mineo 's .
they also have pictures of real pizzas on the wall -_-
if you like plain pizza stay away from the pide .
i ended up purchasing the pizza ( needed to eat ! )
grab a seat , and proceed to make sweet love to this pizza !
was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza .
forget what you know about pizza .
best beer selection in pittsburgh , great hot dogs , pizza , veggie burger .
definitely our fav neighborhood pizza delivery place .
bado 's is a quintessential pittsburgh pizza stop .
i hear the deepdish pizza is deeeeelish !
honestly it 's the closest i 've had to real italian pizza outside italy .
i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
a friendly fun atmosphere with great great great neapolitan pizza .
kind of disappointing pizza
not a bready as the normal pizza so a plus in my eyes .
i got pizza here on a saturday night in a pinch .
i 'm not optimistic this pizza ever shows up .
no it 's not pizza , a tuscan style pie maybe .
at least for me , a pizza lover stranded in pittsburgh .
the pizza i tasted , reminded me of a few spots in manhattan .
recommend for a dive pizza meal .
we love their specialty pizzas , especially the hawaiian and calabrese .
delivered the pizza to our hotel within an hour .
they also violated my number _num_ pizza sin and overloaded the slices with cheese .
every since i 've moved to bloomfield , this is my main pizza joint .
we ordered wedding soup ( pretty delicious ) and portobello mushroom pizza .
the wild mushroom and arugula pizza was `` missing '' something .
wonderful family restaurant where you can bring the kids for great pizza .
the front counter is the kitchen , so you 'll leave smelling like pizza .
it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
wonderful bake-it yourself pizza .
if you 're looking for a unique pizza experience , definitely try beto 's .
they put more toppings on pizza than any other place that i know .
great sicilian and speciality pizzas .
thankfully a menu was available and capri pizza was just across the street .
usually get the bacon cheddar dog which is awesome but tried the pizza tonight .
had their pizza last night for my sons sleepover .
we bought a pizza stone and even asked the manager ?
i wound up bringing half my pizza and the soup home .
our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
and you can buy a bag of fresh pizza dough for a dollar .
we came here for pizza ( darren ca n't get enough ! )
i paid over $ _num_ for _num_ large cheese pizzas .
pasquarelli 's pizza house jumped off of the page as the place to try .
we ordered wings , bbq chicken pizza ( no onions ) and garlic knots .
best pizza in charlotte , brooklyn south is a close second .
last time i was there someone said the pizzas looked good .
its fast food pizza not a lot of expectations .
i am from chicago so i take pizza very seriously .
stifled my pizza fix but i found the sauce a little too sweet .
the menu had all the usual pub grub , and they also make pizzas .
the pizza itself ended up being really solid .
could not make a pizza to save their life ...
as for you pretentious types , pizza is not a health food .
the pizza pit inside has a small arcade and decent 'za .
we were told the pizza and salad bar were shut down at 8pm .
plus their sauce and topping choices really round out this pizza .
another bene to having the pizza on premise , the cold sprinkled cheese .
it is a true mom and pop pizza dive .
i 've been eating pizza from buck 's for over _num_ years now .
i wish there was somewhere half as good as village pizza here in chicago .
most recently , we called ahead and ordered our pizza .
an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
it 's chain pizza , so you know what you 're getting into .
no , its not a medium , its a small pizza .
the wings and pizza are far superior to those in most sports bars .
the mama k 's pizza and lasagna parmigiana are my staples .
i would n't pick it for a pizza spot but definetly for a hoagie spot
much better pizza even if they do n't deliver .
it should n't take more than an hour to make and deliver a pizza .
still the same pizza that you will either love or hate .
pretty straightforward little pittsburgh pizza joint .
for the garlic knots , pizza , and mashed potatoes .
i ate every piece of that pizza slice including the crust .
i never expect spectacular out of my pizza , just my primanti 's .
never ordering from pizza hut again .
the last time i finally got pizza delivered it took over _num_ hours .
i tried the prosciutto pizza which was a perfectly baked , authentic neapolitan pizza .
most people havent tried their pasta which is remarkable good for a pizza joint .
i 'm so sick of pizza chains and pizza made on conveyer belts .
inside , it is your typical neighborhood pizza place/bar .
.. everyone loves this pizza ... .. _num_ stars !
while we were there , they usually had _num_ pizzas out at a time .
i 've been eating campiti 's pizza most of my life .
got a couple of slices of pizza from ephesus today for lunch .
i finally had a chance to try brixx pizza !
pizza is burnt on 1side not done on other .
their pizza has been a staple of downtown since _num_ .
ate the pizza dry as shit .
like deep dish pizza in chicago or bagels in new york .
conclusion : novelty pizza + pinball = try this if you are in pittsburgh
i love il pizzaiolo and will definitely be back !
just what you expect from pizza hut - no suck .
i might not have liked the wood fried pizza .
it looked like microwaved pizza and it tasted terrible , cardboard like .
reminds me of a friday 's , only with pizza .
nice neighborhood pizzeria with great pizza !
the local pizza place delivers until _num_ am .
good , clean pizza/bar place .
review on the pizza sounds great too ... ..looking forward to trying it .
anywho , i tried a pizza the 2nd time .
all around delicious pizza , hoagie , apps place .
there were only a few people and one partial pizza available in the buffet .
happened to have tong garden because it was close by , and not pizza !
now i am not the biggest pizza lover .
thank you , village pizza !
too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
it would be awesome if they offered walk in pizza slices for lunch .
medium veggie pizza with garlic crust .
kids can get a pasta or pizza meal for $ _num_ .
the legacy of a superior pizza in dormont has lost it .
we got some cheese sticks to start and then split a small pizza .
when i arrived the party had ordered some pizzas .
pretty ok pizza dudes .
twin a had ordered a special salad to go with his pizza .
we were really impressed with the quality cheesy pizza from capri .
i have been eating at village pizza for over _num_ years now .
awesome ingredients make awesome pizza .
open kitchen was the first place in north carolina to serve pizza .
pizza with balsamic vinegar and prosciutto was excellent .
warm , right out of the oven , fresh cookie pizza .
bado 's easily ranks in my top _num_ favorite pizza places in pittsburgh .
ok , i must say that i do love their pizza .
based on reviews , i thought the pizza would be even better .
i 'd definitely return to brixx pizza .
just extra confirmation that its good pizza !
we then split the fried zucchini and the recovery room pizza .
tasty food , good pizza and reasonable prices for a non-chain small business .
my wife 's cheese pizza was like wet cardboard .
the closest pizza i have found to back home is due amichis .
pizza in the cu seems to be an overall disappointment .
if you have never had square pizza i recommend you get some right now .
we had the bruschetta , shrimp scampi and joe 's favorite pizza .
if you order here please do n't stop at pizza !
it is exactly the same pie as the margherita doc at pizzaiolo .
get a square pizza and a family of four can eat for days !
brick oven pizza cold ... .
maybe a _num_ to _num_ minute wait for your pizza .
there is a wide variety of food choices here , from salads to pizza .
i guess their pizza taste great if you 're drunk .
bathrooms are down a set of stairs in the pizza joint .
hut is so boring and pizza pit closed .
when my pizza never showed up i called and found out .
this pizza felt like i was eating a pound of cheese mixed with sauce .
i loved the huge stone pizza oven
called and ordered _num_ pizzas in many styles .
the building itself made me think of the husk of an old pizza hut .
pizza bagels are a must !
i love white pizzas too .
just thorough delivery of solid pizza .
try the pizza rolls , buffalo chicken rolls , or wings .
i dont ' like pizza ... .so this is definitely my choice convenience food !
ordered pizza and baked ziti and both were on point .
it is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers .
we ordered the full size chopped salad , a pizza , and a calzone .
you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
it had overpriced pizza , bathrooms , and seats .
save money go buy a frozen pizza and it will be better than this place
all over a freaking pizza !
called on a monday at 11:08 am to order _num_ small pizza .
all in all i get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them
i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
i 've dreamed of their pizza since i was a child .
pizza delivery and 7/11 also walking distance .
very good customer service , hot fresh pizza slices , and extremely good prices .
i checked out the menu and they had a list of different pizzas .
pizza with pepperoni , hamburger , and romano
i would highly recommend their buffet , especially the buffalo chicken pizza .
glutard friendly for both beer and pizza .
and that i would gladly pay for the non gf pizza .
it 's a workingclass style of pizza in a workingclass neighborhood .
even my husband loved it and he 's not a big pizza fan !
i recommend the cin-ds pizza sub red sauce !
i may try the pizza but other reviews noted it was pricy .
will probably not go back except perhaps to try the pizza .
if you want great pizza , drinks and a nice date-night atmosphere in mt .
definitely our new favorite pizza joint in munhall !
we decided to order two pizzas .
omg amazing pizza !
next i perused the pizza menu and choose the bronx bomber for $ _num_ .
i ordered a medium veggie pizza with a side of fries .
i am happy to wait _num_ minutes for a pizza .
ordered 10-15 min later and the pizza came out just after the app arrived .
splitting one _num_ '' pizza is enough for two people .
first , i 'm picky when it comes to pizza .
delivery took almost two hours and pizza was cold .
highly recommend to anyone if you are craving some pizza and wings !
_num_ minutes for take out pizza when their busy
one slice of this pizza , and i immediately felt sick .
two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me .
but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
and i 'd put bellisario 's pizza up against any in the city .
did n't expect much from pizza hut .
i ended up taking half of it off to enjoy the pizza .
overall , an okay to decent pizza place that delivers .
wood fired pizzas are also very good .
this place is alright but they really should cook the pizzas thoroughly .
they offer pizza and other goodies too .
typically i order the buffalo chicken pizza or the bronx bomber .
it will always be my standard measure for greatness in pizza .
they no longer cut your pizza for you .
just tried their pizza dough and had total success due to the quality .
most consistent delicious pizza .
had this pizza been cooked , i feel like it would be subpar .
it was just a step up , maybe two , from frozen pizza .
its been our go -to pizza place ever since .
i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
pizza wa n't bad , it was actually pretty decent .
prices were close enough , and i knew the pizza would be better .
i was hoping for a more loaded pizza .
not stingy on the toppings while not overwhelming the pizza either .
it only took about five minutes for my pizza to be ready .
they bake the tray of pizza with a handful or two of cheese .
i ordered one of the small pizzas which were buy _num_ get one free .
this is by farr a very great tasting pizza restaurant !
it was just so gross id rather have just ordered pizza .
absolutely love their spicy shrimp topping pizza and occasionally try the bbq chicken pizza .
i would n't order a pizza from them again .
if you do n't order this pizza ... you fucking suck .
true ny style pizza .
a large pizza will feed a family of _num_ even _num_ .
some friends and i ordered a couple of pizzas for delivery from here tonight .
enjoy if you choose this pizza place , i know i do .
so , yes , you will eat your pizza with uncooked cheese on it .
we had better pizza at my high school back in michigan .
for my main meal i ordered the margherita doc pizza based on the reviews .
i ordered the ephesus pizza with lamb skewers ( $ _num_ large ) .
you have to try vento 's italian army hoagies , , and amazing pizza ...
get a whole pizza pie and call it a night at the games .
the pizza places around that neck of the woods ca n't be beat .
when order came , plain cheese pizza .
new york style pizza and subs are my two favorite things !
it is their signature pizza , cant go wrong .
the pizza ai n't bad either !
i order the double cheese ( provolone ) pizza .
i think pizza italia is a vastly underrated pizza shop in pittsburgh .
i would probably come back to try their pizza again .
their margherita doc pizza is bellisimo !
il pizzaiolo means the pizza maker , in italian .
the flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box .
pizza is very hit or miss .
this being said , it is difficult to impress me with pizza .
my sister and i used to love going to anthony 's pizza .
fair amount of cheese & pepperoni on the entire pizza .
easy _num_ stars to the pizza itself , _num_ stars overall .
a few minutes later we were on our way with my slice of pizza .
they are better then little ceasers and now pizza hut !
i had the sicilian pizza , with prosciutto and some other salty tastiness .
closest thing to new york pizza that i 've had in years !
how do you mess up a slice of cheese pizza .
definitely , have to visit tony 's pizza .
but let 's be honest you go to a pizza shop for what ?
delicious , up scale pizza .
pizza , wings , gyro , fries , and nuggets for the kids .
i was skeptical about feta and fontina on my pizza .
i just had a white pizza with added spinach .
the appetizer got there after another _num_ and then the pizza took forever .
i appreciated that they put the pizza in the paper bags .
my favorite specialty pizzas are :
when the pizza finally arrived , it was almost doughy it was so undercooked !
bellisario 's is one of my fave pizza shops .
way to stand out from the mediocre pizza that plagues pittsburgh .
there are far too many better pizza places to indulge in .
my husband 's philly pizza was amazingly good !
it us the closest to new york style pizza in these parts .
while everyone goes here for the dogs , the pizza is not be ignored .
sauce is also good , nothing crazy , just good ole pizza sauce .
the pizza was served with a mound of burnt ashes on the bottom .
another item that did not stand out , the pizza .
one of my pittsburgh favorites as far as pizza goes .
the 2nd choice was a personal deep dish pizza .
decent pizza and hoagies , tomato bisque soup is a+ , good service .
tuscany bread , four cheese pizza and spinoccoli pizza ) .
given the price -- i especially enjoyed the generous topping of pizza cheese .
i had _num_ pieces of pepperoni on an entire large pizza .
well i have had oven roasted pizza 's in nyc and in sf .
almost _num_ hours to get a pizza delivered .
true , northern style pizza in the charlotte area ! ! !
try walking in to order your pizza -- it 's an education .
i 've been coming here for years and i always enjoy their pizza .
we got two pizzas .
top notch pizza !
i just like the combo of hot wing sauce with sweet pizza sauce .
they 're pizzas are wonderful .
my family decided to split a traditional pizza with pepperoni and mushroom .
my husbands go to for pizza delivery in the matthews stallings area .
can pizza taste any better down here ?
my companion had the chicken and artichoke pizza which she enjoyed .
the pizza is decently priced and they always have something cold to drink .
great ny style pizza , thinner crust .
my first half cooked pizza !
my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
thin and crispy california style pizza .
i got a personal pizza , and my friend got an italian hoagie .
mmmmm delicious pizza at a great price .
mineo 's used to be our go to pizza shop .
very thin pizza for someone who has never had it .
awesome beehive oven pizza , and love the courtyard .
it may not be gourmet pizza ... but dang it !
i had their onion rings and regular crust pizza .
not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in pittsburgh .
however , i love brixx pizza .
yes , the pizza can be a bit greasy .
my pizza was prepared as requested .
i recommend this pizza for dine in or carry out .
nick 's pizza is bomb .
the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
located in the plaza next to pizza parma .
sadly , the pizza was sparsely topped with cheese and sausage .
our pizza was $ _num_ and can easily serve _num_ people for dinner .
small pizza shop in aspinwall .
and the rest of the bites until the pizza was done were equally happy .
my new fave pizza joint in this area ( outside of fiori 's )
do n't waste your time not the pizza though
the beer list was better than most pizza places i 've been too .
horrible management and pizza .
good pizza as well as other great menu options .
the pizzas here , too , are winners .
most cheap pizza in pittsburgh tastes like cardboard and everyone seems to like it .
another chicago fav is the pizza puff .
today , if my family is eating pizza we are eating mineo 's .
pizza perfecta was the spot i 'd read about .
worst pizza hut experience ever .
bella notte is for pizza .
the rest of the pizza was fine , average per usual .
same pizza you had before .
burgers and pizza are always a fantastic choice .
my only complaint is that the pizza was served luke warm .
i get home and realize we were given the wrong pizza .
i recommend eating at juliana pizza to all !
their pizza box was more like a diaper .
i had the southwest chicken salad , others had the manhattan pizza .
pizza sounded amazing .
thanks pizza parma !
nothing fancy , just focusing on the pizza !
there were no napkins and too much grease on the pizza .
i had a four cheese pizza with sweet sausage and garlic .
i will be returning for my pizza fix again and again and again ...
_num_ star only because i like pizza .
half off burgers and pizza
love our local pizza joint !
ordered the quattro formaggi pizza .
ditto on the pizza heading .
then our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza .
i call it raw cheese pizza .
next time i am in pittsburgh i will try another pizza place .
there are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this .
their pizza 's are huge , but not particularly tasty .
the serve a variety of pastas , salads and pizza .
excellent pizza - although the mushrooms were from a can .
we ordered an 8-cut ( medium ) pizza with anchovies .
they have so many good dishes , but i wanted the pizza last night .
you can feel free to order pizza .
this is an anti-planet fitness ( there are no pizza days ) .
my pizza always comes out perfect .
i swear my pizza was frozen from the grocery store .
stopped in tonight and got a large pizza with peppeoni and sausage .
better than pizza sola .
il pizzaiolo serves authentic and delicious pizza and pasta .
i grew up eating their pizza .
second-degree burns notwithstanding , the pizza was tasty !
for my entree , i had the meat trio pizza .
very no fuss pizza , and absolutely delicious .
as pizza chains go , this one was on par .
i am from chicago and very picky about pizza .
thank you buck 's for the bag pizza .
we sat down , ordered a pizza and it was served within _num_ minutes .
we had no thin crust , real new york style pizza place .
pizza is floppy , greasy , salty , and delicious .
the pizza is solid , yet can be inconsistent .
this pizza hut is quite possibly the worst service i have ever received .
i ordered pizza from this location recently .
try the white pizza , you wo n't be disappointed .
the pizza was so poorly prepared that it was simply ridiculous .
overall the pizza here is a slam dunk .
one of their pizzas has a garlic sauce that we also like .
the doc marg pizza is truly amazing .
people seem to like their pizza , so maybe go with that .
pizza parma however , makes great cheeseless pizza .
not fancy gourmet , but delicious pizza !
we love their r & bs special pizza .
the pizza showed up about _num_ min .
we had wood oven pizza with fresh mushrooms and italian sausage .
if you want a simple pizza - i.e .
keep in mind that i have n't had pizza from this place yet !
if your looking for a good pizza place try milanos .
i enjoy just plain pizza .
when the pizza arrived and i opened the lid , i had to gasp .
latina pizza is very different from most pizza shops .
delivery is fast and non-pizza items are good as well .
another member of our party ordered the pizza .
was so excited to get your pizza today .
if you want terrible pizza go here .
pizza is totally rad .
i 've had much better wood-fired pizza elsewhere .
the mahrgarita ( sp ) pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms was wonderful !
i am sick and tired of pizza .
ordered online with pizza hut at 9:39pm , was routed to this store .
i have had better pizza at little caesars .
staff was upbeat and nice , pizza buffet was sparse and pizza looked old .
good pizza even if the place is beginning to look a little dated .
they cook your pizza pretty quickly and it has always been good .
they tend to over do the sauce sometimes but overall great pizza place .
a pizza that has to be eaten quickly to be enjoyed .
every time i have had a _num_ inch pizza .
plenty of other pizza places around
well i havent had pizza from pizza perfectta in quite some time .
pizzas are amazing , as are the pretzels .
then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
my bbq pizza 's crust was just kind of dry and tasteless .
you order the pizza with whatever toppings you so desire .
the kids personal pizza was about _num_ inches and filling .
be greasy and awful and ridiculous , pizza hut .
i ordered a small deep dish pizza and it was dripping in grease .
the pizza is made from a brick oven so it came out super fast .
jerk chicken pizza
their menu has pretty standard bar-fare , with sandwiches , wings , and pizza .
a decent place to order an authentic looking and tasting pizza .
the pizzas were actually really good but the other sides were n't worth it .
gotsta order the bbq chicken pizza .
very good classic new york pizza .
the old man makes the pizzas .
we were served their huge pepperoni pizza which was very tasty !
but i absolutely love the pizza and the whipped balsamic dressing .
there 's a starbucks and pizza hut at this location .
great little bar and pizza restaurant in mt .
this is greasy cheesy pizza exactly what i like .
i got the special - large pizza & a dozen wings .
add-in that this is north carolina and i 'm a pizza snob from chicago .
pizza was mediocre btw
their largest pizza is still pretty small .
the answer is brixx wood fired pizza !
the pizza is really great ( i stopped ordering from anywhere else ) .
so based on my preferences , this pizza really does it for me .
my boyfriend got the perogie pizza and said it was phenomenal .
i had the grilled portobello mushroom salad and the _num_ cut margherita pizza .
slow service and average pizza .
their pepperoni pizza roll is a must !
i loved the pizza both times and wanted to know where it was from .
pizza , pasta dishes , seafood , and dessert- all were great .
my husband i split the fried zucchini and white pizza with chicken .
you can get the best pizza dough at penn mac for $ _num_ .
great pizza and fast service ; what more can you ask for ?
their pizza is so delicious the other half often does not make it home .
a pizza affair .
karmic pizza .
i 'm a pizza minimalist .
its the type of pizza that 's even better cold the next day !
i 've had pizza and two different pasta dishes .
i may give the pizza another try .
super fast service ny style crust pizza was great and crispy .
rude service , and pizza was subpar .
the ultimate quest for the `` best pizza '' is a tricky thing .
way better than pizza hut .
veltres is amazing - great pizza , great service , fast delivery .
i ordered the wood roasted vegetable pizza and it was quite yummy .
charlotte really needs a place like this and the closest attempt is brixx pizza .
i 'm still getting comments about how good the pizza was .
in the end , you really ca n't go wrong with pizza italia .
pizza crust is perfect ... not too thin , not to thick and crunchy .
it made the pizza too heavy to pick up and extra greasy .
ordered the traditional deep dish pizza , but with no onions .
i got `` joe 's '' pizza .
we also ordered the `` incredible white pizza '' which was incredibly cold .
we ordered a margarita pizza which was freaking delicious .
the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
hands down the most slept on pizza shop in pittsburgh .
i have not had any problems with the pizza being too greasy .
i stopped eating pizza .
no pizza joints like this in baltimore
i got a slice of cheese pizza and onion rings .
if you want good , authentic pizza go to a place like luigi 's .
my family gets this pizza every time we are in town !
my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
great pizza at a reasonable price .
he handed me the pizza and mumbled the price .
the spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good .
his answer was to order pizza .
to the side the third clerk assisted with the pizza order .
fiori 's has the best pizza on earth , hands down .
not a bad choice for a neighborhood pizza place .
took _num_ hours for one pizza to be delivered .
i love the lasagna , stuffed rigatoni , and the gourmet pizza !
tony 's is the best real ny pizza in charlotte , period .
the menu has everything from hummus to homemade pizza and it 's all delicious .
what i am saying is , we order a lot of pizza .
crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
yeah , i enjoyed this pizza .
the white pizza truly is delicious , as are all of their fatty appetizers .
well they have other items like pizza and salads .
- our friends got the classic white pizza .
thanks for a great pizza friday !
the emil 's pizzas are good as always .
the pizza , overall , had a sweet undertone .
the pizza is not really worth what they are asking for full price .
i did n't order anything fancy , but their pizza was great .
they even got to eat furnace-fired pizza , gooey s'mores and more !
the crust , sauce , and cheese illustrate unique qualities of pittsburgh pizza .
hands down one of the best sicilian pizzas around !
by far my favorite pizza place in the east end .
that pizza is/was miles better than this .
this is a small takeout and delivery pizza shop in morningside .
sad to say this pizza was so bad .
grew up on fiori 's pizza and hoagies !
as for the pizza i ca n't stop raving .
this is the pizza i cut my first tooth on as a kid .
i have eaten pizza all up the coast .
we 've been ordering pizza from here for _num_ years .
i will be back again and ca n't wait to try the sicilian pizza .
the bread they serve is their pizza dough , which was quite nice !
our fav pizza spot in pittsburgh !
we just had a white pizza w tomatoes ... it was exceptional .
perfect thin crust pepperoni pizza !
we started with the white pizza and boy did it hit the spot .
delivery is reliable , and pizza always dependable good .
anyway , the main reason to come to minutellos is for the pizza .
_num_ inch pizza on special was cheap .
will definitely be our go-to pizza joint !
this place is below average when it comes to service & pizza 's .
pepperoni pizza with extra cheese ( _num_ '' - _num_ cut )
the pizza also included mushrooms and onions .
how have i not reviewed pittsburgh 's best pizza ? !
stick with a pizza joint .
worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
the pizza was a hit and all but a few slices were finished .
my favorites are the pizza , chicago style hot dogs and cheese fries !
we then split a pizza and pasta dish .
it 's not chi- style nor any of the pizza hut concoctions .
took a pizza with us back to the room .
even with all the toppings the pizza stood nice and firm .
pizza was fine but nothing special .
the pizza crust was slightly sweet and baked just right .
went here for lunch with my son and had pizza buffet .
with no interaction with the pizza hut staff .
jerk chicken pizza was excellent .
a lot of people like one type of pizza .
i popped in to pizza parma for a slice of pie .
i think we 've found our new pizza place !
1- these guys are the best pizza i have found so far .
all in all i was very pleased with my pizza parma experience .
i eat a lot of spinach pizza and it usually is flavorless .
the pizza is terrific ny style thin crust and very large pies .
never a bad slice of pizza there .
we had pizza there the other night and i could taste the freezer burn .
so , we let the pizza sit there .
it reminded me of a nice store-bought frozen pizza .
my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
friendly and good quality pizzas .
great selection of food with many varieties of pizza .
but their pizza portions are huge !
honestly , it was about up to a frozen pizza standard .
there 's no place like anna 's pizza .
there is no seating ; pizza is take out only .
light and crispy like the pizza crust should of been .
delivered wrong pizza .
quick , good pizza , and always a pleaser .
i had the greek salad and my sister had pizza both good choices here .
i also think their new pizza recipe is pretty good .
too many decent pizza places in charlotte to settle for this place .
i got _num_ pizzas from here .
to me , it 's just your average , run of the mill pizza .
we got _num_ large pizzas .
their cheese pizza is a must have if you 're visiting pittsburgh .
update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
i 've eaten plenty of pizza .
the pizzas are wood fired and made to order so they are always fresh !
i ordered a pizza and an italian sausage hoagie .
the owner was nice enough about refunding the money for the pizza .
best pizza in the city..unless you want sicilian style..then hit betos .
the pizza always comes warm and ready to eat .
instead , they are all about their pizza .
the regular thin crust pizza was loaded with toppings .
great pizza place especially for take out or delivery .
love rosatti pizza .
we went again another time for the pizza but it was a super disappointment .
fuel pizza is usually decent .
our favorite pizza and a great family ownership and atmosphere .
i could n't finish the pizza - way to go big medium pizza .
possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
got the buffet pizza was good they also give you free soup to .
the pizza that my wife & our company ordered looked very good .
the pizza may be lame , but it 's cheap .
the pizza itself is massive , about _num_ in or little more .
pizza reminded me of authentic pizza from italy .
got a large pizza for around $ _num_ as take out .
i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
wonderful ny style pizza !
this trendy little place has great pizza .
i sucked it up and ate _num_ pieces of pizza and _num_ wings .
as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
this was one of first pizza places that i 've tried inpittsburgh .
excellent pizza , salads , and buffalo wings !
i was n't in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza .
the salad bar also came with fresh pizza .
more importantly , the pizza is always hot and prompt !
$ _num_ for a personal sized pizza .
i 've been on a good pittsburgh pizza hunt .
margarita pizza - best fucking pizza i 've ever ate !
pizza is better than average and topping taste fresh .
_num_ of the pizzas were delicious , heaped with toppings , really good !
my fave pizza near the burgh .
really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
pizzas were hot and fresh and the place was immaculately clean .
nick 's is standard pizza .
really enjoyed the spinach and feta pizza and the fettucine w/ meatballs .
you 'll getta pizza .
and the lady i ordered my pizza through was very friendly and upbeat .
was it in my top five pizzas of all time ?
the cheese is a little thicker than the average new york style pizza place .
would order again only if it was for pizza alone .
one of the better pizza buffets around town ! !
i payed $ _num_ for a large cheese pizza .
go here , enjoy the pizza , come back for more .
if you have not tried this pizza , trust me try it .
it was my first time getting a pizza from there in a long time .
like other people have said when you want pizza you get pizza .
i really love deep dish pizza .
we went for the pizza , because of other reviews we had heard .
fresh , hot pizza , good service , good value .
pizza looked tasty .
ordered a thin crust pizza with extra cheese , pepperoni and mushrooms .
then the other day , we went back and i tried pizza .
pizza ok on it 's own nothing great .
you ca n't wrong with any of the pizza choices here .
ordered a few different style pizza 's and some wings .
i would recommend demetrio 's for pizza only and take-out , not dine-in .
do you know why buck 's is the best pizza in madison ?
do n't think i 'll be back to that pizza hut .
i was at a friends house and we decided to order a pizza .
i love their pizza- the red veggie is my favorite .
yay , i 'm a fan of the white pizza .
the crust and sauce on these pizzas are perfect .
the pizza is tastier than most delivery places .
the place was as clean as you would expect from a pizza shop .
i was really looking forward to a nice pizza !
i had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot .
sometimes , i do n't even come here for the pizza .
solid pizza at a great price .
food was delicious -- try the pizza and steak and mini desserts !
the greco piece of pizza i had was also perfect .
for our dinner we decided to get a large pizza with chicken on it .
'and this is dicarlo 's pizza , right ? '
**forgot to mention that our pizza had onions on it .
something about the sauce makes me like their pizza .
yummy bread , pizza !
but with pizza this good , who cares ?
i will be going back to try their pizza and other food .
how exactly does a pizza joint *run out* of pizza ? ! ? !
i 'll definitely order pizza from here again .
every time i am in town i have to get their pizza !
the non-pizza items are also pretty good , especially the wings .
the bouncer from fuel pizza !
would recommend the sicilian pizza over the usual style .
we went home and ate our large mac-and-cheese pizza and enjoyed it .
i truly have never had better pizza in the entire city of pittsburgh .
mineo 's is by far my favorite pizza ever ! !
the pizza was okay but it was definitely nothing special on my second visit .
delicious , ny style , thin crust pizza .
good pizza the smoked mozzarella
great pizza and their cheese steaks are awesome as well .
i love love love their hawaiian pizza .
it was n't all that long ago that pizza was unique .
sorry , but our pizza was cold .
however , their pizza is good , not too greasy , not too dry .
my kids who are _num_ and _num_ ordered the make your own pizza .
but fiori 's is pizza made in heaven .
we split the chicken sandwich and the pesto pizza , both were great !
the marinera sauce was bland ... their pizza is great tho : )
service was great , pizza was a little dry but overall a good experience .
i just moved to carnegie and was looking for a good pizza joint .
pretty good pizza , awesome wings and okay prices .
possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
the clam chowder is good , their seafood pizza is awesome .
yummy yummy pizza ! ! !
the pizza and rice balls are my food of choice .
i may go back but not going to be my go to pizza place .
go to veltre 's pizza .
first visit : we ordered a pizza from the menu on the wall .
i 've been eating fiori 's pizza since the _num_ 's .
pizza perfectta is fast , delicious , and a great value .
the cheese on this pizza is so generous that extra is never needed .
there is a large turnover of pizza so it 's always hot .
we ordered a large pizza here to go one night and were not disappointed .
i 'm from nyc so i know good pizza .
this is a good , basic pizza joint ( for pgh ) .
well , pizza is subjective .
then found to our dissatisfaction that the pizza was only _num_ '' .
but the food did not live up to my expectations , especially the pizza .
primo pizza .
- garden pizza
it 's the pizza that has won my heart .
i had the greek pizza with vegan cheese , and it was absolutly amazing .
my daughter ordered a pizza that was a warmed up frozen pizza .
amazing is all you can say about this pizza .
we ordered the spinach pizza with white sauce and an italian calzone .
great authentic ny style pizza .
one of my favorite hometown pizza places .
we ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good .
i love their pizzas and their awesome $ _num_ special !
yes , it was crowded but got a table and ordered pizza and wings .
i ordered a slice of cheese pizza and a grilled chicken salad .
just absoultely great pizza .
sadly , this is the only pizza hut near me .
big fan of their pizza .
this is the kind of pizza that you need to eat with a spoon .
i truly enjoyed my pizza and i 'll be back for more .
the pizza sauce was a bit tart for me .
new york style pizza that you have to food to eat .
the kids love their pizza and they typically have some really good specials .
there is no pizza in pittsburgh that comes close to fiori 's .
their roman style pizza is to die for !
i looooove their pizza !
great pizza but damn , the beer selection is off the chain .
the pizza dough has a great unique flavor to it that i love .
i was given a slice of pizza with cold sauce .
love love love mineo 's pizza !
if you like good milwaukee/racine style pizza you need to eat here .
a friend of mine calls this the best pizza in pittsburgh .
big slices , and all around great pizza .
i think their pizza is , again just okay .
and you know the best thing about ordering pizza , do n't you ?
pizza is awesome if that 's what your going for .
that went a long way for me with the pizza .
hoagies are also pretty good but the pizza takes the spotlight .
try the sausage pizza which is unlike any that you have had .
from pizza to salmon , great food !
i had a big slice of pepperoni pizza and had no problems with it .
he said you have to try their pizza .
got a pizza with pepperoni and a slice of cheesecake .
we ordered one each but again ... $ _num_ for a pizza ?
i have only ever eaten their pizza .
i am looking for another place to get pizza !
wonderful pizza at good prices .
the large pizza with _num_ toppings $ _num_ special is a bargain !
i 'd bet the pizza salad is much better .
fiori 's is one pizza shop that we go out of our way for .
loved the pizza , pasta buffet .
if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
important on a pizza .
twin a ordered a pizza .
this is a unique pizza experience like no other .
the pizza is what you expect , nothing better than ok .
this is one of the most unique pizza joints i 've ever eaten at .
i thought from the good reviews that the pizza would taste okay .
pizza options for you to pick from .
pizza was decent and the spinach artichoke dip was pretty awesome .
my sister and i stopped in over the weekend for some pizza .
sausage pizza was very good from brother .
pizza was just horrible.i 've had better at chucky cheese .
seriously the worst pizza hut i 've ever ordered from .
$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
they serve good pizza and the queso dip was delicious .
will definitely be making this my pizza and beer go to .
i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
that is not what i thought when i ate pizza parma 's pizza .
not a lot of places in pittsburgh do sicilian pizza .
betos pizza is down the street !
this is totally my go to drunk pizza of choice .
the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
i had the spinoccoli deep dish pizza and i loved it !
the food selection is basically wings , burgers and pizza .
best pizza in york co .
fiori 's ... simply the best pizza in pittsburg !
the pizza was hot and fresh and served relatively quickly .
my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
live close to this place and really like their selection of beers and pizza .
easily the most delicious pizza in the shadyside area .
i would definitely order this pizza again .
so we had to pay for a pizza we could not eat .
it 's a very dense pizza .
minutello 's still has some of the best pizza in town .
best pizza in the western hemisphere !
the large pizza is huge bigger than the box and tasty .
the pizza is only slightly rubbery .
sometimes i like to stop into a pizza place for one slice of pizza .
my old school pepperoni and mushroom pizza was great .
overall - just ok pizza .
i called for a delivery of a pepperoni pizza , large .
pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
i 've really enjoyed their pizza so far .
we ordered a small cheese pizza to pick up .
the pizza 's , subs , spaghetti and fries are great !
just not a fan of onions on my pizza .
i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
definitely one of the best pizza spots in all of pizzaburgh .
my pizza was just finishing up in the oven when i got there .
probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood-fired pizza ...
we decided to split a pizza .
to put it frankly , campitis is the place to get pizza and hoagies .
the pizza is what you would expect ... marginal at best .
finally , tried their pizza .
it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
best pizza shop in bloomfield .
i liked this pizza , but would never order a full pizza of it .
their pizza reminds me of the old godfather 's style pizza .
the bread sticks were fresh and hot , and the pizzas were great too !
the fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless .
if your in the mood for pizza check this place out !
great pizza and huge portions this is some really good stuff .
i 've heard good things about the pizza , but have n't tried it .
just get in , buy your great pizza , and go enjoy it !
the pizza 's disappeared fast .
incredible and best pizza , hoagies and food anywhere .
this place is great for traditional pizza , apps , subs and wings .
their over loading of the cheese did n't stop at the pizza .
enjoyed our pizza and will be back .
or i may try pizza and have it delivered .
all in all this pizza just sucks .
this is a _num_ star pizza place period .
buck 's is our go-to pizza place in madison .
best pizza around , hands down !
hands down best pizza around .
we just ordered a box and finish the pizza at home .
i know there 's good pizza around here .
mineo 's is the best of what i would call a traditional pizza .
i highly recommend this pizza .
second would be the pizza because it was interesting and delicious .
the only one that rivals the taste is pizza sola .
the pizzas my husband and i ordered were mediocre .
the better option for pizza delivery in the north side .
it 's a novelty , and for some folks it 's their favorite pizza .
or it could have been that it really simply was really good pizza .
great pizza , all ingredients are fresh and made at the shop .
our pizza was yummy & we tried the pepperoni roll for $ _num_ .
i will definitely go back for their pizza .
flat bread pizza was very good .
they delivered pizza with the wrong toppings .
it 's quick & not cheap pizza .
if you 've never had fiori 's pizza , try it .
the italian bread pizza appetizer is delicious .
the calzone and stromboli dough is like the pizza dough .
is it the best pizza in pittsburgh , like many reviewers claim ?
i personally think the sauce is what makes this pizza so good .
personally , i think this pizza is best when you eat in .
how hard is it to make good pizza ?
we ordered the bucatini americano and a pizza .
this is one of the few decent pizza places in uptown charlotte .
i thought the seafood pizza was really good as were the mussels .
stick to the bar food like pizza and beer .
the hoagies are far better than the pizza ... but not by much .
it was unlike any pizza i 've ever had .
cookie pizza ?
basic pizza .
pizza perfecta
for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
the pizza was hot fresh and hand tossed .
i 'm not happy about this pizza .
taste like frozen pizza .
anna 's pizza is to die for .
was told it would be _num_ minutes for a small pizza and wings .
my slice of pizza came and it looked so yummy .
i had the personal size chicago pizza .
the pizza was super greasy and cheesy , but flavorful and delicious .
they also happen to have pittsburgh 's best pizza .
just moved in the area and discovered on of the best pizzas in charlotte .
i split the bbq pizza with a friend and we enjoyed it .
the pizza was tasty with a thin crust and a crunchy edge to it .
pizza is surprisingly good as well !
pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
you do n't even bake the pizza !
i had the chorizo and manchego pizza for one .
we shared the chicken oreganata pizza and it was wonderful !
pizza had too much sauce on it and was drenched .
the pizza is always piping hot and made well .
good pizzas too .
$ _num_ for a indiviudal pizza ?
this pizza is as unique as it gets .
we actually love their buffalo wings here and their pizza is ok .
i really like the pizza crust here - chewy and not soggy .
i would n't go out of my way for a slice of pizza here .
not being in the mood for fish , i ordered the white pizza .
the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
the other half got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
the pizza is a nice depth as well and the toppings are yummy .
i ordered _num_ pizzas and salad for all ...
i really like their pizza and their greek salads .
also , they make the best pizza in town hands down .
the pizza is freakin cheap and pretty damn good , especially for the price .
the whole pizza w jalapeos is my favorite .
they have a very different taste than the pizza .
the pizza and hoagies here are absolutely on point .
it was spicy , but the pineapple on the pizza counteracted it .
this is not authnetic italian pizza .
i like the pizza size options .
food wise , their wings are decent and the pizza is greasy and cheesy .
not like any other pizza you have ever had .
very good pizza , but the italian dishes are frozen .
when you are there order the ephesus pizza .
quality pizza and hoagies , buffalo chicken pizza and hoagie are both really good .
it took _num_ hours and our pizza was cold .
awesome fast pizza
solid pizza for a great price .
the pizza was good however the service was less than to be desired .
best pizza i 've found in madison .
last time we ordered the chicago style pizza and loved it .
the new haven style pizza is amazing .
when i 'm in the burgh there is no other pizza choice !
i ordered two slices of cheese pizza ( $ _num_ ) .
the pizza is sold by the square slice .
_num_ stars for a pizza joint ?
we will be back and try the pizza and beer next time !
so how did the pizza taste ?
most importantly , the pizza was excellent !
very friendly service and good pizza , though .
your pizza comes out and ... ... `` what the hell is this ?
my kids ordered pizza which was just ok .
he told me `` this is how this pizza is '' .
we ordered the simple extra cheese pizza .
did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
there 's nothing appallingly wrong with the pizza co. pizza .
great pizza from the graziano family .
i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
the best pasta vodka and margherita pizza in the universe !
luigi 's pizza is amazing !
ordered a ham and cheese pizza for delivery .
mussels are very good and so is the flat bread pizza .
i had the brunch pizza which was pretty decent .
great pizza fresh ingredients !
i 'll come again and try pizza .
i ordered a medium pizza with chicken and spinach .
the pizza is why we order from rosatti 's .
the pizza came out and i was a fan of the sweet tomato sauce .
we get their take out cheese pizza .
they make the best pizza i can buy .
best pizza we 've found in the south hills .
the oven was way too hot for this type of pizza .
village pizza really is italian food at it 's best !
everything was really good , especially the buffalo chicken pizza .
it was n't pizza i was smelling , or at least fresh pizza .
the pizza was as close to nyc pizza as possible !
pizza parma has many of the characteristics i like in a pizza joint .
ordered a medium white pizza and it was ready in _num_ minutes .
the kids each ordered a pizza and they said it was awesome .
we used to really like their lasagna and pizza .
i thought the pizza was `` eh . ''
average pizza at best and sub-par appetizers .
we ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza for take out .
the pizza had no feta cheese at all .
my son got the kids pizza .
just had my first pizza from fiori 's .
pasta and pizza are equally great !
large plain cheese pizza is my favorite here .
if you like the pizza here , then you will love chefboyardee out-of-the-box pizza .
top _num_ pizza joints in the burgh .
i judge a pizza joint by their cheese pizza and their pepperoni .
been eating the pizza here for years !
had some pizza ( was ok ) and hit another place .
the huge thin crust supreme pizza we had was delicious !
the pizza which is what we always get is terrific too .
it did not take long and the pizza and wings came out .
good pizza but certainly not the best one around town !
this is , in my opinion , the most authentic ny pizza around .
in general pizza was ok .
i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
whenever we really want pizza , this is the only place we order from .
what with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza ?
i was excited for the lobster/artichoke pizza , but it was absolutely tasteless !
the buffalo chicken pizza here is fantastic , and very unique .
service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
my kids devour the pizza .
( doc pizza is always our go to ) .
the two favorites at the table were the mediterranean salad and the pizza .
the pizza here is different from your traditional place .
that buffalo chicken pizza was awesome .
yummy pizza and excellent service !
but like i said , this is where we go for pizza .
i love the pizza , one of my favorites downtown .
i may even consider it the best pizza in pittsburgh !
their s'mores dessert pizza is amazing .
this was our second time eating the pizza from here .
outstanding pizza !
mexican pizza
definitely my favorite pizza place in pittsburgh so far .
we draws us there is the pizza and beer .
the crust on the second pizza was still rubbery .
it 's basically the only chicago style pizza in the burgh .
i ate one of the _num_ slices of the pizza and called it quits .
we got a medium and large pizza with pepperoni .
the pizza was alright i guess .
i love beto 's pizza !
i love village pizza .
i like the sausage pizza here as well .
wrong pizza was delivered .
this place has some excellent pizza .
the price of the failure of a pizza was not cheap either .
the offer pizza by the slice but only cheese and pepperoni .
this is a 5-star neighborhood pizza delivery joint .
bland bread with butter and cheese ... . and for the pizza ...
their pizzas are square/rectangle !
you have to be goofy to not like this pizza .
expensive , but really great pizza .
there 's some great pizza out there .
while the pizza was large , the taste was quite average .
this is how pizza should be .
this was an extraordinary pizza .
their cheese pizza is very flavorful .
one of the best pizza places in the north hills and definitely in aspinwall .
pizza , fries and hoagies all good here .
i usually get a cheese pizza , but it 's so good .
wow what great pizza and wings .
really great local pizza .
pretty okay pizza .
the pizzas were decent .
you can do better for pizza .
i ordered breadsticks and a large pizza .
hands down the place to get pizza in the charlotte/ huntersville area .
the pizza is a _num_ stars max .
veggie pizza was fresh and yummy .
any pizza is really good and their rueben is very tasty .
i love mushroom pizza .
we stopped and had a pizza and italian hoagie .
get a side of pasta sauce for the pizza
one of my favorite pizza spots in pittsburgh .
i always get pizza from here .
great place for the quick and easy pizza joint .
best pizza in the north boros .
i tasted the pizza and the crust was undercooked and burnt on the edges .
i would order this pizza again !
not the best pizza but above average .
we had heard from family that this was really good pizza place .
of the pittsburgh area pizza huts .
ok pizza ... .. nothing great .
pear and gorgonzola pizza - this is so good .
the personal pizza was excellent as well .
pizza is terrific , too .
would i get this pizza again ?
you get what you expect- delicious pizza !
you guys had the best pizza in and around carrick .
there are plenty of pizza places in the area .
we enjoy this place , the pizza is top notch and delivery is fast .
the veggie pizza and cinnamon rolls r the best !
all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
i recommend the bbq chicken pizza .
standard so-so pittsburgh pizza .
cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
if you want cheap pizza go to pizza hut .
the pizza crust was good -thin and chewy just like i prefer .
they are a pizza and hoagie shop .
at pizzaiolo how to make the pizza .
excellent pizza and excellent wings .
get the hoagie , pass on the pizza .
the pizza is actually pretty delicious , but the other food is not remarkable .
now we also got pizza , it was amazing !
they also have delicious pizza and fries .
best pizza in town but you have to pick it up .
my favorite place for pizza in mcfarland .
the pizza was the star , with good quality ingredients and nice thin crust .
hands down the best ny pizza in charlotte !
this is some of the best american style pizza anywhere .
as for the pizza , i 'll definitely be back for more .
_num_ slice pizza for $ _num_ and one topping .
good beer selection and awesome pizza .
pretty good sandwiches , and thin crust pizza .
pizza by the slice are very large .
i 'm no pizza expert , but it was good and cheap .
awesome pizza joint .
mineos is by far the best pizza in pittsburgh .
pizza is like art .
pizza was weak .
no pizza is worth the experience we had here .
we really like village pizza .
there are other better pizza places in the area .
yes , they have great pizza .
pizza perfectta
incredible pizza .
the pizza at il pizzaiolo was fantastic .
the pizza i tried in pitt in my order of favorites :
in the mood for pizza and salad so decided to try ephesus pizza .
i 've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad .
the pizza was flavorless and the crust tasted like cardboard .
we had the bacon cheeseburger and the pizza special of the day=chicken ranch .
if you 're in to typical pittsburgh pizza then this place is for you .
the pizza is as good as i remember it being .
to summarize , good pizza and cheap .
the _num_ '' is a good size for an individual pizza .
the pizza was bland , tasteless .
i thought the pizza was a novelty .
i have friends that love the white pizza .
this is damn good ny style pizza .
our dinner was pizza .
the pizza was tasty and pretty well done .
the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive .
some of the best pizza i 've had since moving to pittsburgh .
i got a small pizza to go .
next time i 'll try the pizza .
this is by far my favorite pizza i have ever had .
my favorite item from the menu is their pizza .
everything about the pizza is fantastic !
this was the first good pizza place to open in uptown .
wow , this place has good pizza !
our server was super friendly and the pizza was great .
consistently great pizza .
great stuffed pizza .
just grading the pizza and service here .
the pizza itself is simple : crust , sauce , and cheese .
the white pizza is that star though .
their pizza sauce really is what it says , the best in town .
this `` pizza '' was the worst food i have ever eaten .
decent pizza and calzones .
this is the best pizza in mckee 's rocks .
the new fiesta pizza is also really good .
both the pizza and the breadsticks are not the quality i used to .
we are from out of town and heard this place had good pizza .
the pizza is also pretty good , brick oven and thin crust .
i had the chicken florentine pizza .
the pizza is a little over priced .
i really hope the rest of the menu is as good as the pizza .
if it was about the pizza you were n't getting it back .
pizza is excellent and rivals any pizza only place in pittsburgh .
i got a pepperoni and sausage pizza .
sure enough , the pizza was great .
i 'd definitely come back for the pizza !
four stars for the pizza !
the best ny style pizza i 've had in nc !
we got the shroom pizza .
i 've been getting pizza here since _num_ and it 's the best .
get the white pizza with bacon .
this is absolutely my favorite pizza of all time .
our pizza was burnt .
best pizza in pittsburgh imho
this pizza would be great even if it was just a plain cheese pizza .
no - but get over it , it 's a pizza place .
the pizza , on the other hand , was absolutely delicious .
ordered a veggie pizza .
this was my first time here and i really enjoyed their pizza .
but either way the pizza is always great .
love the wings , love the buffo shrimp and love the pizza !
brick oven pizza is very good and so are the salads .
my pizza really hit the spot .
my pizza came quickly and was good ... .notice good , not the greatest .
juliana pizza has the best gourmet pizza in charlotte !
when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
i have a new favorite pizza place .
toss salad is good with the pizza and the calzones are great too ! !
the pizza is always hot and delivered quickly .
the pizza is delicious , but a little pricy .
try their pizza , excellent .
the first pizza i ordered from ephesus was really great .
the regular pizza is alright .
pizza is a staple for me .
i called over to angelo 's and the pizza was ordered .
the white thin crust pizza with spinach was very good .
overall : the pizza is good , atmosphere is easy !
the pizza was great , the heart was perfect , and he loved it !
some of the best pizza we have had since moving to the area .
today was the worst pizza i have ever had .
my friend always has the pizza and says it is really good .
some of my favorite pizza on the planet .
first , the medium pizza is huge .
i think the pizza is not good due to the soggy crust .
best pizza and wings in the queen city !
i ordered the margherita pizza and it was mainly sauce .
my pizza still had onions in it .
my favorite pizza is the shadyside special .
their pizza is always hot & fresh .
my favorite thing on the menu is the margherita pizza .
they are fast and consistent in quality and the pizza is always great .
had the doc margherita pizza .
the good news is that i did n't have to pay for the pizza .
not only was the pizza phenomenal , it was cheap !
one of my favorite pizza places in the charlotte area !
have n't tried the pizza yet ...
pizza is pretty consistently .
is sad because the pizza is great but the service is horrible !
this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
best pizza we 've found in town .
the pizza was amazing and our pizza skin app was too .
this was a pretty standard cheese pizza .
i 'm pretty sure this is my favorite pizza in pittsburgh .
ordered pizza and wings from here with delivery .
workers were really nice and the pizza was great !
not the best pizza i ever had but it sure was tasty .
try the pizza buffet , too .
was this pizza amazing or what ? ?
best pizza in the south hills .
the pizza was awesome , i would definitly recommend their pizza .
we ordered their supreme pizza ( parma pizza ) .
the pizza was good except for the canned mushrooms .
best pizza is pittsburgh , probably in the country !
the pizza is good - they seem to make it fresh .
hands down best pizza in pittsburgh .
it was one of the worst pizzas i 've ever had .
the crust was decent , but it just was n't a memorable pizza .
the food and pizza and service are very good , surprisingly so !
the pizza was n't terrible but it certainly was n't good in my opinion .
pizza , pasta , salad ... .everything was great .
pizza is square cut and the corners are the best .
the pizza and toppings are delicious and are fresh cooked .
) , but it 's a pretty good pizza , with fresh-tasting ingredients .
there is no better pizza in the world .
they have really good pizza for really cheap .
however , my favorite part of the pizza is the sauce .
the pizza is the best in the area -- exquisite crust , nice ingredients .
fiori 's is consistently the best pizza in town !
deep dish pizza was good .
terrible pizza .
solid pizza
fantastic pizza .
the mexican pizza was okay .
one of the best pizza places in the south hills .
this is the best pizza in the world , i can assure you .
definitely the best pizza i have ever had in my life .
buck 's pizza is my all-time favorite thin crust pizza ever .
great ny style pizza .
one of the best pizza places in pittsburgh hands down .
tried a slice of pizza .
delicious and the pizza was bubbly hot and fresh out of the oven .
this is hands down my favorite pizza in all of pittsburgh ! !
good pizza that tastes great and is very authentic !
but , man is that pizza great .
i recommend the classic pizza and wings .
this is my man 's favorite pizza place .
there was a lot , a lot , of cheese on the pizza .
now for the food ... their pizza is so yummy !
and that 's my pizza theory .
what was worse was the pizza was just average .
i honestly think it is the best pizza in the usa .
best pizza in the city , hands down .
overall , this is more of a pasta/entree place ... not a pizza place .
pizza in a bag !
i had a pizza and it was quite bland .
one of the best pizza places in the north hills .
place was dirty and the worst pizza ever .
we do n't have pizza like this here .
i told my server that the pizza was n't good .
great food pizza & wings .
simply put , the pizza is great .
was going to try the buffalo pizza .
great pizza at a great price !
we just ordered pizza and cheese bread .
the pizza is fine , not the best or worst i have ever had .
pizza was tasty and a good value .
the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
their pizza is gross .
pizza was good but really expensive .
one of my favorite pizza places !
one of my favorite pizza places .
village pizza !
good pizza for a decent price !
i was wrong about this one and the pizza was delicious and on point .
this place is a great place to get ny style pizza .
i 'm a pizza traditionalist , but this was n't even really pizza .
fiori 's has the best pizza in pittsburgh in my opinion .
if u like thin crust pizza , this place is for you .
this is the bar attached to the pizza joint .
it is n't that you do n't make great pizza .
this place is some of my favorite pizza anywhere in the us .
delivery is always on time and pizza is hot ! ! !
their regular pepperoni pizza is also the best i 've had in pittsburgh .
pizza is pretty standard .
i had n't tried this place yet and was in the mood for pizza .
my favorite pizza was and still is campiti 's .
we ordered a large supreme pizza , and it was really good !
the pizza was square-sliced and looked good , but we did n't have any .
they also have very good pizza .
what is the pizza belt ?
pizza italia is one of the best pizza joints around .
this is the best ny style pizza in the charlotte region .
not the best pizza in pittsburgh but adequate .
the brick fired pizza is pretty good .
great pizza , and the calzones are huge .
the atmosphere and the pizza are as good as it gets .
best pizza in shadyside .
i love pizza company pizza and hoagies !
this is absolutely the best pizza in deforest .
dicarlos is in my opinion the best pizza in the pittsburgh area .
hands down the best pizza i 've ever had .
i had the pizza , which was pretty damn good .
fuel pizza is good but definitely not the best in charlotte .
just good old-fashioned thin crust pizza .
try the mexican pizza !
have n't had the pizza but they look great .
buck 's is my favorite pizza .
the white pizza with spinach is also really good .
overall , the pizza was decent and the service was quick and friendly .
i had the buffalo chicken pizza and really enjoyed it !
my favorite pizza in the city ... the crust and sauce are sweet .
not the best pizza i have had but certainly not the worst .
it 's in my top _num_ pizza places in pittsburgh .
one of the top _num_ pizza places in the city !
bado 's pizza is one of the best pizzas i 've ever had !
the pizza was nice and hot , but was mediocre in taste .
staff are great and the pizza is always yummy !
this is my favorite place to order delivery pizza from .
this pizza was soooo good .
pizza was good , the pasta dish was ok. beer not draft//why ? ? ?
we got a pizza , and it was really pretty bad .
the kids pizza was fine .
the sicilian style pizza is the bomb !
this is one of the better pizza places around here .
got a large pizza .
pizza is decent here too .
the pizza itself is pretty nice .
i had a pizza that was to die for .
this is the worst pizza store in charlotte .
i really like their pizza , very very good .
the pizza was good and the prices were a little high .
the pizza is affordable and very tasty !
fiori 's is the best pizza i 've ever eaten .
best white pizza i ever had .
the worst pizza hut ever .
i do like the pizza though .
we order pizza from here all the time and it is always great .
pizza is quite good , too .
fiori 's is the best pizza in the south hills .
good pizza at a great price .
the pizza was great and they have a decent selection at the bar .
the pizza crust is cooked with sauce .
top _num_ pizza in pittsburgh .
the pizza is top notch .
my husband had pizza .
great pizza , wings and salads .
my go to pizza delivery place !
try the pizza rolls !
the best pizza crust hands down !
pizza tastes great .
i enjoy their pizza .
the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
the ingredients are so fresh and the pizza is so yummy !
you want pizza ?
my favorites are the supreme pizza and the breakfast pizza .
their white pizza is also very good .
the family told me that the pizza was great !
so this is the old style pizza hut .
pizza had great thin crust .
this is the best pizza i have found in pittsburgh so far .
the buffalo chicken pizza was amazing .
well we got to pizza , and it was cold .
wow , this pizza is really , really good !
their pizza is thin with delicious crust and the toppings are great .
the sauce is a little sweet , the pizza is just amazing !
they are , in my mind , the best pizza place in pittsburgh .
love the pizza and they have the best vodka sauce .
this is a take out pizza place .
delicious pizza delivery !
you just have to try this pizza .
this is an old-school pizza shop !
this is my favorite pizza of downtown .
mineo 's pizza is my favorite pizza in the pittsburgh region !
very good pizza and lasagna .
fiori 's pizza is amazing !
wow , the pizza truly the best i 've had in the burgh ' .
wooooooooow ... ..simply the best pizza in pittsburgh .
the staff there is always friendly , and the pizza is delicious .
onto the pizza !
this is the place to get a great slice of sicilian pizza .
the pizza itself though was not good .
the pizza skins app was great and the pizza was great as well .
ron 's is good pizza .
i 've had the white pizza with basil and it was pretty good .
the atmopshere is very `` dive-y pizza joint-y . ''
it is by far the best pizza we 've ever had !
the pizza itself is ok at best .
one of the best slices of pizza in charlotte .
if you like a traditional pizza , this is the place .
the pizza was pretty decent but the wings were just so-so .
some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
their pizza is actually really good .
the pizza is a hot mess .
this is always a good choice for pizza !
it is the best turkish pizza in us .
i got the the margarita pizza which was pretty good .
the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
pizza was a great all around .
just stick to the pizza .
this pizza is like no other !
pizza and burgers are great .
best thin crust pizza .
the staff are great people and the quality of the pizza is amazing .
we had the burger and the margarita pizza .
if you like sicilian pizza , this is the place .
love the pizza , the atmosphere , and location .
for the pizza , ugh .
best pizza in the area that i 've found .
their pizza sauce is very very good .
margherita pizza --
try the bacon pizza ..
the pizza is cooked hot and fresh .
the most delicious pizza and the best cocktails in the area ! !
great pizza , great price !
this was just bad pizza .
the pizza was good , but come on that was no medium pizza .
the pizza 's pretty good as well .
the hoagies are ginormous and the pizza is some of the best in town .
great new pizza place .
the pizza was simply ok .
if this is really the best pizza in pittsburgh ... wow .
this place is delicious and the pizza is top notch !
worst pizza i 've had in pittsburgh .
this pizza is mediocre at best .
hands down the best pizza in pittsburgh .
the best pizza in pittsburgh , hands down .
this pizza is delicious , and worth the price .
when we tasted the pizza , it was ...
their pizza was pretty decent .
some of my favorite pizza in pittsburgh .
great pizza , our new go to pizza place .
i tried a little of the margherita pizza , and it was not good .
we ordered a pepperoni pizza .
the sauce is great , and they do n't drown the pizza in it .
pizza , though .
seriously my favorite pizza in the 'burgh !
the pizza use to be good .
the white pizza is a must !
this is a pizza hut/wing street .
my favorite is the buffalo chicken pizza .
pizza is awesome too .
the pizza now is just ok .
pizza is good- cheesy and delicious .
frozen pizza is better than their pizza .
average pizza .
great pizza and subs .
cons : the pizza was not good .
pizza and mexican .
the beer was pretty cheap and the pizza was tasty .
they have really really really good pizza and food..
this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
i love n.y. style pizza .
i had the deep dish pizza and it was very good !
pizza was absolutely great .
awesome place for pizza .
the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
first of all , this is some of the best pizza in the burgh .
it 's just not my style of pizza .
this is hands down the best pizza place in pittsburgh .
still it 's a great pizza .
also , i had the pepperoni pizza and it was wonderful !
if you want great pizza this is the place .
really good pizza , tried the cheeseburger pizza .
the pizza is super greasy but it really is some of the best .
pizza is truly one of the best in the city .
villa is the best pizza in pittsburgh !
a unique crust texture/consistency and good pizza 'guts ' .
) , and any of the pizzas .
this pizza is a classic !
i love the food here , and the pizza is outstanding .
the pizza is out of this world
some of the best pizza around and great service .
best pizza i have ever had .
this place had good pizza and service was decent .
the pizza is good but the hoagies are even better .
good little pizza place .
my favorite pizza place in pittsburgh .
the best pizza i have had in the area and the slices are huge !
so , better pizza ?
the best pizza you can get in the area .
pizza good fresh and hot .
as for the pizza , it was fine .
it is sicilian style pizza and it is delicious !
_num_ lunch- pepperoni pizza
everything was quick , and the pizza was good .
i 'll go with the pizza and the yogurt .
the pizza is only mediocre .
the pizza , not really all that great .
they have really good pizza .
very good pizza , best delivery pizza in my area .
fiori 's pizza is so good !
the pizza is fabulous and the sauce is amazing !
maybe the best pizza in pittsburgh .
this pizza was okay .
their pizza is also very good .
my favorite pizza place in the area .
however , the pizza is decent .
the pizza is the best in charlotte imho .
excellent pizza .
excellent pizza !
my favorite pizza in the city .
the pizza is great , and wings are pretty good too .
the best pizzas in pittsburgh !
it is the best white pizza i have ever had .
some of the best italian and pizza in the city .
this is thin crust , no-frills pizza .
also the pizza was bad .
very good service and great pizza !
here is my take on the pizza .
good pizza and our go-to for delivery .
nice pizza 's .
not in the mood for pizza ?
this is my favorite pizza ever .
i really like their pizza .
best pizza in pittsburgh , it 's not like most pizza .
the pizza was really really greasy .
pizza is cheap but good .
best pizza in town !
soup and pizza .
definitely the best pizza ever ! !
this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
great wings and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best i 've had .
this is my new go-to pizza place .
the large pizza is huge .
their pizza is very , very good .
best pizza in charlotte .
best pizza in charlotte ! ! ! !
this is for pizza people .
best pizza around .
best pizza around !
the pizza was good tho !
the pizza is also wonderful !
i like the pizza and the selection of toppings .
yes , i 've had the pizza .
some of the best pizza in the city , if not the best .
pizza not so great .
pizza was good though .
the pizza and wings were very good .
the pizza was n't that good either .
their pizza was awesome ! !
the pizza is decent , and i like their sauce .
love this place pizza !
this is a unique pizza .
i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
the worst pizza i have had .
the pizza itself is very good .
the pizza is very good however !
i ordered the white pizza and it was amazing !
the pizza is inconsistent .
the pizza , the calamari , the pasta .
the pizza is the best in the area , by far .
this was a good place to get pizza .
the pizza 's alright .
so what is the best pizza in pittsburgh .
i recommend the cheese pizza .
pizza is really good too .
the pizza is very good and the beer selection is great .
the down side is the pizza .
and super pizza .
ok , pizza .
ok pizza .
their pizza is ok .
we had chicken pizza , and it 's good .
pizza was excellent .
it is , honest-to-god , my favorite pizza place .
the worst service and pizza .
awesome pizza .
the pizza was horrible !
i love pizza and this is amazing ! !
pizza pit the best pizza for the price .
i have to recommend the pizza .
good pizza , good service .
food-wise , the pizza and wings are delicious !
pizza time !
it was a really really good pizza .
best pizza place in the area !
it is a pizza and it is ok ... .but it 's not great .
i love their pizza .
the pizza was not bad .
the pizza is always good too .
i love the pepperoni pizza .
the pizza is thin crust and was delicious .
it 's a pizza hut .
it 's pizza hut .
best pizza ever !
best pizza ever .
yes the pizza is the best in the burgh .
this is some of the best pizza in the burgh !
the pizza is outstanding .
the pizza is in my top _num_ .
the pizza was just ok .
( and i love cheese pizza ! )
amazing pizza .
decent pizza .
amazing pizza !
what pizza ?
the pizza was fine .
looking for good pizza in the 'burgh ?
pizza was ok .
pizza is good but not great .
the pizza is unique and delicious .
pizza and crust is the best in town .
the pizza was a good size .
campiti 's pizza is not the pizza i like .
good pizza and hoagies .
the pizza was good , not the best and very small .
the deep-dish pizza we had was amazing .
best pizza in the burgh .
best pizza in the burgh !
the pizza i ordered was ok .
pizza hut ?
this pizza is amazing !
i 'm down with the pizza .
the pizza here is amazing .
just get the pizza .
the perfect pizza .
best pizza crust .
the crust is thin and the pizza is decent .
the pizza here is a lot like nj/ny pizza .
the pizza is fantastic .
i love this pizza .
love this pizza !
pizza pretty good .
pizza is awesome !
their pizza is really good .
good not great pizza .
pizza is good too !
best all-meat pizza in the area .
best pizza in the area .
the pizza was hot and really good .
best pizza in pittsburgh .
best fu*king pizza in pittsburgh .
best pizza in pittsburgh !
the pizza i ordered was very good .
very good pizza !
but , this is great pizza .
it 's just pizza .
better pizza ?
the best pizza around !
this pizza is so good !
the pizza really is very good .
the pizza was huge .
the pizza at this place is o.k .
it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
but the pizza is pretty good .
i just like the pizza .
the pizza is unique .
look , pizza is pizza .
the margarita pizza is the best !
this is the best pizza ever .
this is the best pizza ever ! !
the best pizza in the burgh !
the pizza was excellent .
best pizza is pittsburgh .
now , the pizza !
the pizza was greasy and good .
this pizza is not good .
really good pizza .
delicious pizza .
what is the best pizza ?
the pizza is definitely good .
i love pizza .
this is the best pizza in pittsburgh .
is this the best pizza in pittsburgh ?
the best pizza ever .
the pizza was ok .
the pizza was good ; not great .
the pizza was awesome !
this was not the best pizza .
cheese pizza a
the pizza is good , too .
the best pizza in pittsburgh ! !
the pizza here is great .
the pizza was pretty good .
the pizza was really great .
the pizza was decent .
the pizza is ok .
the pizza is the best around .
their pizza is good .
the pizza is amazing !
the pizza here is good .
try the wood-fired pizza !
the pizza was delicious !
pizza not the best .
on to the pizza .
- # _num_ : pizza
_num_ lunch- 1-topping pizza
the pizza is delicious .
not pizza ... .p-a-n-c-a-k-e .
this was pizza !
pizza was good .
great pizza .
great pizza !
the pizza was great .
best pizza in the 'burg !
and the pizza is great .
pizza is good .
the pizza is great .
and the pizza was n't good .
for pizza ?
the pizza is good .
good pizza .
the best pizza .
pizza is over-rated
the pizza ... the pizza ... the pizza ... .
pizza - a
pizza !
pizza .
- pizza
pizza :
pizza ?
